
This was written by:Gabriel si Alex <3 si Mada,Tudor si gabi din nou, si Emi of group 2.

1. Gabriel isi plimba crocodilul prin Suceava, cand de-odata acesta a inceput sa se traga tare in lesa. Fiindca Gabi bause mult
aseara, animalul a scapat. daca vrei sa alergi dupa crocodil 34 daca sa fugi la magazin 57.

57 Gabi ran to the store in a hurry to try to find a sleep-potion-for-crocodiles or shortly called "SPFC". He didnt
find it but he found Alex and Tudor. Tudor said he was better at fighting crocodiles  but alex said he has
a nice voice to sing to the crocodile.If you go with alex choose 231 if you go with tudor go with 123.

231. Alex start chasing the crocodile, until it went in burdujeni. The streets were so dark and the sounds of the trains were so 
loud. He gave up, because everyone knows that burdujeni is much more dangerous than crocodiles, and there is no shame in being scared of 
this strange neighborhood.

123 Furious that he was interrupted in his shopping session of pink napkins, he burst outside to take a gaze at the
situation and immediately saw the problem: the crocodile was attacking cars. Knowing that he was the only one powerful
enough to fight the crocodile he approaches it. He takes out his:
- Craiovean knife (go to 67)
- Petarzi from Mihai Viteazu square (go to 338)
- love (go to 69)


34. Gabi starts running after the crocodile and throws himself into the sewer. 
He starts grappling with the crocodile and gets bit by his former pet, losing his arm. The crocodile escapes,
But he swears revenge for life on all reptilians due to this event. Go to 999.


999. Gabi becomes a vigilante, hunting down all reptiles and amphibians in the world.
He tried to stop the american Government  and to this day he swears that the liard people are ruling the world.
30 years later, he meets again with his old pet dying of old age with three croco-kids.
If he forgives the crocodile, go to 777, if he kills the crocodile and takes care of croco-Ben, croco-Lizzy
and croco-John, go to 888.